[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host George Noory,
and I'm here with Emery Smith.
What about medical
devices of the future?
Emery, welcome to the program.
>>EMERY SMITH: Thanks
for having me, George.
You have good experience
in medical technology--
what are the medical
devices of the future?
>>SMITH: The next evolution
is most likely going
to be an app in your iPhone.
And the iPhone will
be like a SCENAR.
And it will also
be like a CAT scan.
So you could put
it on your breast
and you can zoom in, just like
you zoom in on your pictures,
all the way to the
cellular level.
This technology already exists.
It's just a matter of
time before it comes out.
>>GEORGE: Will it tell you
your arteries are blocked,
go get some help right away?
>>SMITH: Right.
It'll do things like this--
it can scan your body 400
times better than a CAT scan.
You can zoom in all the
way into the cellular level
and say, well, look
at these 10 cells.
They're cancer cells--
they're tumorigenic cells.
Push a button, send the
frequency, and zap those--
never happen now.
>>GEORGE: So you mean
we'll be curing ourselves?
>>SMITH: We'll be curing
yourselves, for sure,
in your back pocket
if you've got a phone.
>>GEORGE: Now, wait a minute.
Hospitals, doctors people
who are making money--
the pharmaceutical
industry-- do you
think they want this to happen?
A cheap little handheld device
that could attack illnesses?
>>SMITH: I can assure you
they don't want anything out
that fast.
So it will be a gradual display
of the technology coming out.
Maybe this thing will only be
used to spot it, not cure it.
And then, you have
to go in and get
your therapy done
for that-- whatever
the treatment is they want.
So it will be a
very slow release
of this type of technology.
And my goal is to get this
out to the world right now
within the next
>>GEORGE: Absolutely.
>>SMITH: And it's just
a very dangerous thing.
You're going up against
these very large corporations
that have their own militia
and that will threaten you.
And I've been threatened in the
past many times-- as you know--
with the medical devices.
So we have to incorporate
these corporations for now,
incorporate the
government into ways
of getting the technologies
out in a safe way.
>>GEORGE: Well, look
what happened to Royal
Rife and devices like that.
They chased this poor guy and
hounded him until he died.
>>SMITH: It's very tragic.
And this is happening
all over the world
even today, unfortunately,
with brilliant scientists,
and inventors, and engineers.
The thing is to get a structure
built of an organization that
can expose this stuff through
clinical trials and things
like this and do it the
right way because that's
the protocol we're in.
So we have to follow
these protocols
and do it the right way so we
don't step on feet and people
are not killed.
>>GEORGE: What are
nanite technologies?
>>SMITH: Well, nanite
technology is-- on a nano level,
there's ways to make very small
synthetic cells and robots
that can go in the body.
And a good example
of an archaic one
is the camera that
you swallow and it
records the entire time--
>>GEORGE: Inside,
all the way down.
>>SMITH: --going through
your digestive system.
So that was one of
the first things.
But they have things that
go into the bloodstream
the same way, but on
a very small level.
>>GEORGE: All hooked
into a computer?
>>SMITH: All hooked
up to a computer.
And it runs through
your whole bloodstream.
It's made of an
organic material so it
does break down over time.
>>GEORGE: It
dissolves, you mean?
>>SMITH: It dissolves.
So this is where it's going.
So they can get an accurate
depiction of what's
going on in your body.
The main thing is,
we don't really
need to do that because
the technology exists right
now in our
compartmentalized projects,
where you lay on these tables
and your body is scanned.
A 3D holographic image is now
projected above your body.
So the scientists
can move it around.
Zoom in like I
was talking about.
And these three dimensional
holographic images
are very, very--
>>GEORGE: They're crystal clear.
>>SMITH: Crystal clear.
Just like I'm looking at you.
But now, it's a holographic
image of your entire body
cell by cell.
So I can grab your body,
move it here, open it up
before I operate on you and
see what's really going on.
>>GEORGE: Can these
little nanites
be hacked by somebody who's
sitting at another computer?
>>SMITH: Yes.
Anything to do with
nanites that are--
because they're electrical
and they run off
the body's own electrical
system-- believe it or not.
It actually powers them.
Anyone could hack into
there and kill someone.
You could be injected
with these things.
And could also be used
for really bad stuff, too.
In projects, George, we
were able to clone people.
And they have a residual
memory locked into their DNA
where these clones
would remember who
they were in another past life.
>>GEORGE: And they look
just like the body?
>>SMITH: They're
exactly the same.
>>GEORGE: Wow.
>>SMITH: But what's
interesting is they retain--
and this is the big
study going on now is--
how the heck are they
growing these clones--
even if they're
artificially put in a woman
and gestated that way or
if they're grown in a vat--
how the heck do these clones
remember who they were?
Answer that question.
So there's an energy
signature in the DNA
that they're trying to crack
that is like a hard drive that
never forgets about where
it actually came from.
So if it does get to become
an adult or a teenager,
these clones do
remember and recall
certain aspects of the
life they had before.
And sometimes this happens
to people on planet Earth
where they're having
a recollection
and think they
were reincarnated.
>>GEORGE: What's fueling this?
What is pushing this
kind of technology?
>>SMITH: I believe, like
China just came out publicly--
they're growing humans because
of the need for organs.
And doesn't need to happen that
way because we have 3D printers
right now that can
print with your DNA,
we can print your liver.
We can print your heart.
And then, activate it.
Send a charge through it and
then put it into your body.
These are healthy cells.
These cells were grown
with your DNA very quickly.
And this is all
suppressed technology
that's actually been
around for quite some time.
They're starting to grow 3D
print bodies and activate them.
They're having a lot
of problems with it.
It's not exactly perfected,
but they're doing it.
And it's being
suppressed from us.
When we have this technology
right down the road,
where we can print you a liver.
>>GEORGE: The technologies
that you worked on,
what were they like?
>>SMITH: Well, they're kind of
set up like an operating room.
They're seamless.
And everything is inside
the walls or in the ceiling.
So there's even--
if I'm operating
and I don't have an
assistant, these robotic arms
will come down from the ceiling
and someone can actually
be helping me from
very far away.
And this is now
technology they're
using now in open heart
surgery that in the early '90s,
it never existed.
>>GEORGE: That was it.
Exactly.
>>SMITH: And also, while
working with different types
of frequencies of
DNA and ET bodies,
you also had to use special
instruments because some
of our instruments and
devices would actually
destroy the tissues.
So you had to be careful with
the components that you were
using-- the different
types of metals,
the different types of
plastics, and things like this--
when you're taking
samples and biopsies.
The neat thing about the med
lab that was in the programs
was this amazing table
that you could lay on.
And it-- like I said earlier--
it will your whole body
and we could see if there
was any contaminates in you.
If you had any tumors
or anything like that.
But the table itself to also--
like the Rife machine--
shoot frequencies
in your body to realign
what needed to be fixed.
So in the future, I do
believe these tables will
be in everyone's homes because
you don't need to do anything.
It can actually fix you.
Stop bleeding.
Enhance the broken bone
into healing within hours.
>>GEORGE: You just lie on top
of it and let it do its thing?
>>SMITH: You just
lie on top of it.
And through energy
and frequency,
it actually heals
you and cures you.
These fiber optics drop
down out of the ceiling
for getting a sample
out of the body--
it actually is like an
assistant that knows already
what needs to be done.
These tentacles will
come down and firm up.
They could be so hard that
you could use it as a spear
and punch through you.
They can actually lift the
body up and turn it for you--
these tentacles.
Or if you want just
an appendage out,
it can support the
appendage off of the table.
Or if you need it closer to
you because of magnification
problems--
things like this.
And it's all voice
activated, as well.
And it's all intuitive, very
kind of knows that you're
going to be in this body.
You're going to need to
see this part of the body.
And it does it.
And like I said--
it's very strong.
These fiber optic cables--
I'll call them-- can lift
the body up, turn it around.
Rotate it back and forth.
It also can project through
these little holographic images
on what you're working on.
And it's overlaying
on top of this,
an image of the
bone, the tendons,
the ligaments are all shown
with light holographic
on top of where I'm taking it.
And it shows me exactly
what biopsy to take
from what part of the body.
It's kind of like an AI--
artificial intelligence.
The programming of this stuff--
you have to understand--
is light years ahead of us.
And it's reverse engineered.
You have to understand
the table will
know what is wrong with you.
The table will know what
part of the body to fix.
>>GEORGE: So the future
with these devices,
it's absolutely astounding.
>>SMITH: Oh, it's
amazing because this
is where it's going.
If it's already here now
in these compartmentalized
projects, it's just a matter
of time before we get it.
Hopefully, sooner than later.
>>GEORGE: How long do you
have to lie on the table?
>>SMITH: It depends on
what your problem is.
We're you just in
a car accident?
Are you treating
some ongoing cancer?
Is it just you have
a tension headache?
So all these factors
go into the treatment
of how the table
would like to fix you.
I don't know the
programming of it.
I don't know the specifics.
I don't even know how
the frequencies work.
But I have seen
people on these tables
getting cured and healed.
And a lot of these things are
also up on the space station's
that are up there right now.
>>GEORGE: Will they
ever enhance the power
of telepathy and psychic
abilities with technology?
>>SMITH: Well,
right now, they're
doing that with
supplements-- as you know.
You hear about all
these supplements.
These things-- what they
do is they allow the body
to access different points
of the neural receptor sites
so you can start using
these parts of your brain
that you've never
really used before.
So you have this increased
cognitive function.
You have this increased
remote viewing capability.
You have this increased psychic
abilities-- all of our patients
are telling us.
And it's all because of
activating certain parts--
whether it's through
frequencies or supplements
that contain frequencies.
>>GEORGE: There's a study
at Stanford University where
they were able to work
with the genome sequence.
And people were able to
enhance their contact
ability with extraterrestrials.
It's truly bizarre.
What can you tell us
about something like this?
>>SMITH: Well, it just says
someone goes and meditates.
You are changing your frequency
and your genome sequence.
You're getting
activated, too, when
you go out and do close
encounter of the fifth kind
protocols.
You're accepting
this energy that's
coming from either an
extraterrestrial location
or from space.
So the thing is
being aware that you
are capable of almost anything
and then, focusing on that
and allowing your
body to be activated.
You hear about these meditators
going well, I was activated.
Activation of the genetic
code is a very serious thing
that's going to be proven
more with science--
like they just did with
Stanford with this.
So I completely agree with that.
It was used in the
projects a long time ago
for the super soldier program.
And also, for the remote
viewers, where they were doing
this activation for
the genetic code.
And it was working--
whatever they were doing.
>>GEORGE: What is driving
the technology, Emery?
What is fueling it to make it
grow so quickly these days?
>>SMITH: We are fueling it.
The civilians of the world are
fueling where it's going to go.
And how fast it's
going to go there.
Because we're the ones
buying these products.
We're the ones that
are watching us.
That's why they hire
all these amazing people
to go into Walmart and
say use these colors.
Put this here on this shelf.
>>GEORGE: Play this music.
>>SMITH: Play this music.
So this is kind of
a control factor
because it's guiding us
where they want us to go.
But that's not where our
hearts want us to go.
>>GEORGE: Emery,
we've been talking
a lot about the
medical technology
that you specifically
have been involved with.
What else is out there?
>>SMITH: Well, there was
a really interesting--
going back to the table, again.
>>GEORGE: You love this table.
>>SMITH: Oh, I love the table,
but the table is just one
aspect of the entire unit.
And what that means is there's
these fiber optic cables that
come out very small--
maybe less than a millimeter
in diameter or some up to 3,
depends on what they're doing--
and they have the ability
to come down to the body.
Attach to the body.
Scan the body.
And they do it all with light.
It's all photons.
And they can actually
shoot photons
into your body at a very atomic
level that I can't explain--
I'm a physicist-- that allows
the body to regenerate itself.
And what that means is if
you can regenerate your body,
you can kind of,
almost live forever--
if you know what I mean.
>>GEORGE: Will the body
do that on its own?
Like a lizard grows
a tail, will we ever
be able to grow a finger
with that kind of technology?
>>SMITH: Well, yeah,
that's what I'm getting at.
You can regrow limbs or
you can 3D print a limb.
And these are the
technologies I was exposed
to while I was in there.
The technologies out today--
which is interesting--
is like the four
states of water.
There's some sort of energetic
properties of this plasma water
where we were able to grow back
fingers, just by soaking it
in the water three times a day.
>>GEORGE: Gosh.
>>SMITH: So this
stuff is out there,
but they can't talk about it.
And they're not going to
write white papers on it
because it works too well.
So I think light
therapy is going
to be the newest thing
because there's a way
to cure the body just by using
different types of wavelengths
of light.
Like, there's another
device out there
that was in the projects
that just came out
and this was an IV catheter
that has a light on it.
Many different colors of light.
There's red.
There's blue.
There's green-- I think.
And you can stick this
into your antecubital vein
and as the blood goes past this
light, it activates the DNA.
It activates things
in the DNA to allow
you to be even more psychic.
To allow you to be more healthy.
To allow you to fight infection.
In the nucleolus when the
DNA passes through the light,
there's an activation.
And then, the frequency
changes and it's like--
it's a catalyst.
The entire body now is at
this different frequency.
And many things are
happening now in your body
that you're not used to.
Your hearing improves.
Your sight improves.
Your sense of smell--
we lose about 1% of our
sense of smell every year
as we get older.
Which really affects our taste.
If you can't smell,
you can't taste.
So all these things
are enhanced.
>>GEORGE: Are we
talking about technology
like that that will
continue to get
better and better and better?
>>SMITH: Right.
See, they're using this on
the surface of the skin.
And what happens if you put
that light inside the body?
So that's what they're doing.
They're allowing the
blood to go through this.
And even in the projects,
there are special lightrooms
where you just go in this room.
You sit down very comfortable
in these nice chairs, kind
of like recliners you
see in the dentist.
And you go through this
series of light therapy.
You have to wear special goggles
because the light is very, very
bright.
It looks like all white light,
even through the goggles
that are tinted.
But it's not.
It's a color spectrum
of light, but it's
so bright of that color that
it permeates your entire body.
So it doesn't give you a
suntan or anything like that,
but it somehow allows
it to affect the blood
below your skin.
>>GEORGE: Energizes it, somehow.
>>SMITH: Yes.
And the light is so
bright it actually
passes a little bit
through the dermis
and into the bloodstream.
>>GEORGE: There is a gland
in the body called the pineal
gland--
is there anything
technologically
that could stimulate
it to do what it does?
>>SMITH: In the
projects, working a lot
with this pineal gland, they
have a harmonic type of device
that they can
basically, attach to it
through your sinus cavity.
And it does a very quick, low
frequency vibratory harmonic
tonality.
And it somehow breaks up
the calcium and the minerals
that have been
collecting there-- almost
every human being,
almost every human being
has a calcified pineal
gland so you know.
But there are
devices like that are
out there that they have
used in the projects
to help stimulate this.
And it's just a matter
of time before you'll
be able just to put
something here and then,
allow that frequency to
go in to clear that up.
And it'll be like
breathing, again, after not
breathing your whole life.
>>GEORGE: Is there
anything technically that
would enhance telepathic
communication with us?
>>SMITH: Well, that's part
of the pineal gland, too.
It's an eye of not just
seeing, but it's also,
activating different
parts of the brain.
Sometimes the brain wants to
use that gland for things,
but it can't because
it's blocked.
>>GEORGE: Can you enhance it?
>>SMITH: Right, so
it's a short circuit.
So this would enhance
that-- correct.
This device would
actually enhance
the ability for the brain
and the pineal gland
to work together.
>>GEORGE: Stenosis
of the spine is
horrible for a lot of people.
What does the future hold
for something like that?
>>SMITH: Well, there's
a doctor named Dr.
Scuderi who invented the
alpha-2-Macroglobulin
concentrator--
which I've used
many times, and I
think that's a fantastic
adjunct to stem cells
and platelet rich plasma--
it's a protease inhibitor.
It's a protein that's
only in your plasma.
And he was able to
extract this protein.
And they're using
it now for arthritis
by injecting it into the
facets and into the back
to decrease the inflammation
so the body can heal itself.
There's a side effect that's
going to be coming out
that they did a
study on with a2M
and we've been able to
regenerate pretty much anything
in the body for
a very long time.
>>GEORGE: That's today,
but what about tomorrow?
>>SMITH: But we've never
been able to anti-age--
that's where I'm going.
So this protein has
shown significant amazing
capabilities to actually
anti-age tenocytes in cells.
So what that means
for us in the future
is we might not be lifting
our hands to get aspirin
or Motrin anymore
for our inflammation
for the pain in our heads.
We'll be grabbing this
alpha-2-Macroglobulin protein
that's already viably
available in your body.
But they're making a
synthetic recombinant protein
to this so they can
distribute it, of course.
And you never know--
you might be going in
to get a a2M infusion which is
going to set you back 10 years.
>>GEORGE: See, I think
technology is amazing.
Even now, you go to your dentist
and he gives you a filling.
They put a light on the filling
to make it harder and quicker.
It doesn't burn your mouth.
It's not hot.
It's not cold.
It's nothing.
It just somehow
solidifies the material.
Is this ET technology?
>>SMITH: Yes, it is.
It's reversed ET
chemical technology.
And we were using this in the
projects with the super soldier
programs.
If one would break
their femur, we
could wrap this type of
cement putty around them
and then, activate it
with the electricity.
And now, it's completely
sealed and completely
ready to actually bear the
same amount of weight or more.
It increased bone density.
So these things are out
there that are not allowed
into the civilian arms yet.
But you're absolutely correct.
It's slowly trickling out.
>>GEORGE: What does
the future hold
for this kind of technology?
Is it going to
get better for us?
Or is it going to be used
for military purposes?
What's going to happen for it?
>>SMITH: Most amazing devices
developed in the military
and developed in the
compartmentalized labs,
usually takes a few
years to a few decades
to be sold to a regular
civilian corporation for it
to be distributed.
>>GEORGE: And marketed.
>>SMITH: And marketed.
But this has happened.
And all of the stuff that you
see today is actually stuff,
of course, the government and
compartmentalized projects
and corporations have
been using for decades.
So think what they
got today, George.
If we're already getting
this really cool stuff right
now released this year,
but we're still like,
20, 30 years behind.
It's like when they build
these stealth fighters.
You don't really
hear about it until--
>>GEORGE: But that's
exciting for the future.
>>SMITH: It is because
we're going to--
>>GEORGE: I can't wait.
>>SMITH: I can't
wait because I don't
want to have to go the
hospital if I don't have to.
If I could do this at home
and do it cost effectively so
everyone has one
of these devices.
>>GEORGE: And it works.
>>SMITH: And it works.
It's proved to work.
>>GEORGE: Remember
the "Star Trek" shows,
where Bones, who was
a doctor, of course,
used a device that he waved over
people that were on the ship
and they got cured.
That was an incredible device
that Bones used, wasn't it?
>>SMITH: Yes, and it
wasn't too far-fetched.
There's a similar device that
we have out now by LET Medical
called the SCENAR device.
It's a new type of
frequency healing.
And the device can send in
these frequencies in the body
and it can actually help
reprogram the nerves
and reprogram the
voltage of things
that are wrong in your body.
Such as if you had a headache
and you put this on your body.
It knows and sends a frequency
through your whole body
and says well, this is
not aligned up right here.
This is a tension headache.
It can send a frequency
in to relax that muscle.
So there's technologies
out there today
that have been out for a while.
And it's interesting
because it's
been illegal in the United
States of America forever.
But yet, a lot of the astronauts
in Russia and overseas
have been-- it's standard issue
to have one of these with you.
>>GEORGE: Oh, they swear by it.
>>SMITH: So you take
this up with you
when you're at
the space station.
It's on every space shuttle
mission and things like that.
So they recently just got
the authorization now,
I think in Canada--
a long time ago if you
were to order one of these
into the United
States of America,
they would confiscate it and
change out the circuit board
so it would just be a TENS unit.
>>GEORGE: Which gives you
a pulsating electrical--
>>SMITH: It's just a pulse, yes.
>>GEORGE: It's good
for your sore back.
>>SMITH: Right.
Exactly.
And so it's sad that
this was happening,
but this thing can
actually help cure diseases
and help cure ailments
and things like that.
What I'm saying is that
technology is here.
And there's more
technology coming out.
>>GEORGE: Emery, with
the faith healer,
they use energy that they
grab from the universe.
It goes through their
body and they project it
into the individual
they want to heal.
Does this device work
like a faith healer?
>>SMITH: Well, no,
I don't believe
it amplifies your
own energy, but I
do believe it helps regulate
the voltage in your body using
frequencies so your body
can actually heal itself.
It's all of these bombardments
of these lights and EMF fields
and all the foods we eat.
And, of course, the radiation
from the sun that ages us,
destroys our cells,
and things like that.
So it's important to know
that the body is really
good at regenerating itself if
it's at a nice homeostasis well
being.
If it's at this neutral state,
it can do amazing things
to heal itself.
But your body is
always fighting.
All day long, you're
fighting the viruses
you picked up on the plane.
You're fighting the bombardment
of radiation and EMF fields.
It throws of the
frequency of the DNA.
Faith healers are using their
own energy-- their frequency--
and pulling in energy
from around them.
Our DNA is a
crystalline structure
which is full of
frequency and energy.
So we're always
emanating energy.
Some energy levels are
high in our bodies.
Some are low.
Maybe this organ
has a low energy.
And maybe this organ
has a high energy.
But it has to be at a certain
voltage of energy and frequency
for it to operate efficiently.
>>GEORGE: What does the
SCENAR device look like?
>>SMITH: The SCENAR our device
looks like what Bones had.
It kind of looks
like a small iPhone.
And it's a little
thicker than that.
And it has usually,
three little metal prongs
on the bottom end of it.
And they're very expensive--
$8,000 to $15,000.
>>GEORGE: No, that much?
>>SMITH: Yes.
And there's courses
now that they're
giving here in the
United States and Canada
for people to learn these.
So I think it's a very important
piece of survival equipment
for anyone to have
because we also need
to start treating ourselves.
We need to be the
physicians of our own body.
We can't have a regulation
of big pharma telling us
or the American Medical
Association programming
physicians well, step one, this.
Step two, that.
If this doesn't happen,
now you do step three.
>>GEORGE: Do just wave it
over the person or they
physically have
to be in contact?
>>SMITH: You
physically just run it
down the body on the skin gently
so it is touching the body.
It has to measure the
current of the body.
So it's picking up the frequency
and the voltage of the body.
>>GEORGE: A lot
of people believe
that there's suppressed
technology out there.
That governments
are holding back
from letting us
know it's out there.
>>SMITH: Well, it's a good
example of ozone therapy.
It's been proven to
highly oxygenate the body
and kill cancers and
things like this.
And the FDA would
not approve that.
It's just recently
that a few states now
are approved for
that, but it took
20 years for that to happen.
Same thing with stem cells
and platelet-rich plasma.
I had the same problem when
I came out with my patents.
The problem was I was
going about the wrong way.
I was saying well, I'm treating
this and helping cure that
and trying, again, to prove it.
You can't do that.
You have to say, well, this
thing concentrates cells.
And give it to the
physicians and say,
well this may or
may not help you.
You can try it out
and let me know.
And then they come back
with all these side effects.
Well, it healed the wound twice
as fast-- did you know that?
No, I didn't, but can
you do white paper for me
and let me now?
As a device
manufacturer, you have
to be really careful
when you come out
with these amazing ideas
because you have to go about it
and register it a very
certain way or the FDA
will just shut it down.
>>GEORGE: Emery, should
be on "Cosmic Disclosure."
Amazing material.
>>SMITH: Thanks,
George, for having me.
>>GEORGE: This is
"Cosmic Disclosure"
with our guest, Emery Smith.
Thanks for watching.
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
where people share their
clandestine involvement with
government agencies,
the military,
and secret space programs.
>>SMITH: They are finding
new things all the time.
New portals are--
like you said--
sometimes they just open up.
We don't know why.
Maybe someone opened them up.
>> And that I
personally helped--
unknownst to me--
the enslavement
of at least three planets.
>>SMITH: Truth hurts.
And truth is change.
>> And all evolution
occurs through stress.
>>SMITH: Right.
So we have to go
through that in order
to get to this other elevated
level of consciousness.
So it's just another step
towards truth and positivity
for the world.
[MUSIC PLAYING]